Update UPDATING.md (#54)
unicode-cldr/cldr-json: UPDATING.md

### Publishing

> 1. Run the script `cldr-generate-zip.sh` to generate zipfiles under `dist/`, then rename them by inserting the release tag between the two hyphens; for example, rename `cldr--json-full.zip` to `cldr-44.0.0-ALPHA2-json-full.zip`.

Reviewer: Not correct.

`VERSION` should be set in your local config .sh file to the correct version such as `44.0.0-ALPHA2` and then the zip file will be created correctly.

IN fact it looks like the npms published were published as `44.0.0` which is final data. This isn't correct and we'll have to deprecate them or unpublished them and have the final version be 44.0.1 or some such.

Author: "published as 44.0.0 which is final data" -- I did include the "-ALPHA2" in the names; sorry I'm not quite getting it -- sounds like UPDATING.md lacks instructions about setting VERSION? Or did I miss that?

### Publishing

> 1. Edit the file `cldr-config.sh` and set `VERSION` appropriately; for example, `VERSION="44.0.0-ALPHA2"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the file `local-config.sh`, make it executable, and set `VERSION` appropriately; for example, `VERSION="44.0.0-ALPHA2"`.
```
